fix VAT for GCC 2026 (#3647)
galaxyproject/galaxy-hub: content/events/gcc2026/register/index.md

dinner tickets for your travel companion(s) you can do so at the time of
registration.

**Please note that all prices are listed in Euros (EUR) and include the mandatory

> VAT/TVA (10%).** When paying for the registration, you can use a credit card or do a bank

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Please note that all prices are listed in Euros (EUR) and include the mandatory
VAT/TVA.** When paying for the registration, you can use a credit card or do a bank
```

Jenn confirmed that VAT is included, I'm not sure about the %age though
